Add expected root keys flag for cloning (#312)
gittuf/gittuf: docs/cli/gittuf_clone.md

### Options

```
  -b, --branch string              specify branch to check out

>   -e, --expectedRootKeys strings   specify expected root keys in cloned repo

Reviewer: Some name nitting to try and make it clearer what this flag does (happy to go back and forth on this)

```suggestion
  -k, --root-keys strings   path(s) of root keys to verify when cloning the repo.
```

Author: Sorry for the late reply, fixed.

>   -k, --root-key strings   path(s) of root keys to verify when cloning the repo.

Reviewer 2: `-k` seems like a misleading shorthand, because in the rest of gittuf `-k` is used for a private key.

Reviewer 3: also a good point!

Author: Fixed

>   -b, --branch string      specify branch to check out
>   -h, --help               help for clone
>   -k, --root-key strings   path(s) of root keys to verify when cloning the repo.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  -b, --branch string    specify branch to check out
  -h, --help             help for clone
  -k, --root-key paths   root keys to verify when cloning the repo.
```

Reviewer 3: @neilnaveen can you check if cobra allows us to annotate the type for this?

@flandweber this is auto generated by cobra, so it uses the underlying datatype.

Author: I have fixed this, I did not use cobra, I just created a custom type, which made cobra display it as "paths"

>   -k, --root-key strings   path(s) of root keys to verify when cloning the repo.

Reviewer 3: yeah, this was flagged by another user elsewhere. I think updating this to `--root-key-path` is fine.

>   -k, --root-key strings   path(s) of root keys to verify when cloning the repo.

Author: fixed

>       --root-key public-keys   For ssh keys, pass in the path(s) of root keys to verify when cloning the repo

Author: Fixed

>       --root-key paths   path(s) of root keys to verify when cloning the repo. For gpg or fulcio key's pass in the key itself instead of the path to the key

Reviewer 3: @lukpueh with your changes on ssh key support, we'll still be passing in a path to a key, right?

Reviewer 3: I think this help message needs more work.
1) we need something slightly more generic than `paths` for the type to account for gpg/fulcio
2) the "short" help msg is just too long, I wonder if renaming the type could make life easier

Perhaps the type can be something like `public-key` and the message can just focus on the root keys bit. Is it okay for the help on `public-key` itself to indicate it can be a path or a gpg fingerprint or fulcio identity?

cc @flandweber @nealmcb I believe both of you had thoughts about the original parameter type and help message, so your input is appreciated!
